I love my fro back here that I can
figure review and today we're going to
be taking a look at something that I
don't think I've already reviewed and
something which is kind of weird for me
to review today we're going to be taking
a look at the Dark Crystal
Skeksis sketch so like a the Chamberlain
it released by NECA but before I can
talk a little bit about this figure and
its design and all the detail or not I'm
going to give you a little brief
introduction about the Dark Crystal in
case some of you either haven't seen the
movie okay in 1982 Jim Henson the
creator of the Muppets wrote produced
and directed a film send a fantastical
world with an expensive detail mythology
a unique and interesting set of
characters this was a groundbreaking
story and a fantastic saundra to go
along with it the practical effects and
great puppetry helped make this film go
one step ahead in the fantasy film genre
and as well as developed a cult
following over the years and that film
will forever be known as the Dark
Crystal now I'm gonna stop right there
because as much as I'd like to go on
about this film and and how much of a
cult following developed over the years
I do have the film on DVD already so at
some point I will review this movie
because it's such a fantastic movie but
that's for another day so anyway the
Skeksis Chamberlain now one thing about
the Skeksis as well is that the design
for them Brian Froud the concert artist
for the film said the Skeksis some
sketches design is basically a mix of
part reptile part predatory bird and
part dragon which I think that goes that
goes without saying that if you want to
make it if you want to because villain
look bad in a film especially fantasy
film use those designs because they look
they it works very well for the Skeksis
so this toy itself it stands about six
inches tall which it looks it's so
impressive I do like the design and a
lot of time and care gone into making
this once why the only the only throw
bag I can really call is the system
maker haven't really released any other
Dark Crystal figures I'm hoping at some
point they will but I think this one is
it this one is a start of how well you
make the Dark Crystal figure and how
well it can turn out so we only further
ado let's get a look at the detail so
anyway a lot a lot of the detail
universe is mainly on the clothing
the texture and just how well layered it
looks is so impressive it feels really
nice and it just looks fantastic in a
lot of detail waste so a lot of the
detail is mainly in the clothing you
might nurse as well this is actually the
the skirt the Chamberlain in his
tattered exiled clothing which you would
think that hopefully some point
nikka will release a more was a a more
complete variation of this one toy with
his proper getup
hopefully that's somewhere in the plans
anyway um of course the face sculpting
for this is really impressive I do like
a lot of the dish a lot of the detail
gone into making of the face as well not
the big and the very evil smoke as well
which this character does have the
Chamberlain itself is mainly even a
Skeksis to the main villain of the film
the attention was mainly drawn to this
one character for a lot a lot of reasons
but anyway you'll notice a lot of the
detail on the face they're not sure if
you can see or not but he does have
yellow eyes but still this is a really
impressive design face um the texture
for is really nice a very aged look
which I think was if you oh I'm wanting
a pen as well um and of course the arms
as well look pretty decent no much I can
really say except for how well detailed
the clothing is really impressive on the
back you'll notice that this gets as
well has has spikes on his back like
that which you which are part of the
whole design as well which they're
pretty good and you'll notice as well
little arms hidden in the clothing
that's really nice
now aside from that though even though
this toy this toy isn't for playing was
just let me get it all the way
um this toy is not for playing with it's
mainly for having on display but with
that being said I do think that this toy
itself doesn't really need to be played
with because articulation for this toy
is quite limited because even though the
legs have no movement nothing very
unpleasant under here it's just a it's
just a big bulging water skin whereas
the legs are but articulation aside his
head can rotate the full 360 which
that's really all it can do it's on a
ball joint and of course
the arms can move up there one thing
this was that you've got to be really
careful with these arms because they are
so fragile and the law of the mecha toys
are fragile in a lot of the designs the
arms and the weaponry as well they're
quite fragile and of course it does have
some good elements so you can either
have the arms going the hands as well
and the hands you got to be really
careful as well and when you take this
try out the packaging these hands are
quite fragile they're made of very thin
plastic and they can but I can't snap so
be very careful with them and then of
course the hands have some good wrist
articulation they can rotate for 360
which that's pretty good
so it's trying to get this guy at least
one good look is hard enough because
he's not poseable and you can't play
with him but I think this is the best I
can come up with him evil as the
character is and just really awesome to
look at um I am very impressed with this
toy I can't really recommend this toy
enough if you if you are fan of Jim
Henson if you are fan of the Dark
Crystal and if you are fan of anything
of the Muppet related franchise I will
recommend this tour a lot but finishing
off I just want to go ahead and say that
even though this toy hasn't got any
articulation he has a tail the sketches
all do have a tail but the toilet the
tail ourselves quite bendy so it can
bend as well and of course you might
notice in the cloak you - there's a
little bump right there that's what
tails supposed to go so the tail itself
it's there it has a purpose for being
there and it's still a really impressive
impressive design for the toy I really
like this toy a lot I can't really say
anything else about this toy enough what
I can't really say what hasn't been said
about this way it's really fantastic leg
articulation as well like I said limited
so there's so the only reticulation
you're going to get is in the arms and
in the head but really I think that's
enough but overall I really like this
toy is very well painted and the detail
is just astonishing it's phenomenal I
really like the detail a lot on this toy
I'm the clothing detail and the texture
it's just impressive I can't recommend
this toy enough if you haven't got him
get him he's really impressed
but aside from that though I do like
this toilet i can't i commonly finally
floors except for the fact that his legs
don't move and he's just and he's just
in the one standing oration which
direction um standing pose which he
can't really do anything except just
look evil and menacing which is what the
sketch this is supposed to be there for
so overall finish that off i really like
this figure a lot of very well detailed
great paint work fantastic to look at
and like I said he's not for playing
with so if you want to take it out of
the box just leave if you want to thing
about the packaging just leave him on
the shelf because he is such a fantastic
toy and of course to finish this off go
see the Dark Crystal it's a fantastic
movie you will not be disappointed with
how much of a groundbreaking fantasy
film it is so there we go
this has been the Dark Crystal sketches
ask excellent ok the Chamberlain um I do
love this figure a lot really impressive
design for this toy and I am smoking one
for oh and of course like always folks
thanks for watching